Add doc for Recovery from expansion failure (#30552)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes.md

#### Recovering from Failure when Expanding Volumes

> If a user specifies a new size that is too big to be satisfied by underlying storage system, expansion of PVC will be continuously retried until user or cluster administrator takes some action. This can be undesirable and hence  Kubernetes provides following methods of recovering from such failures.

Reviewer: nit: extra white spaces between "hence" and "Kubernetes".

Author: fixed

4. Re-create the PVC with smaller size than PV and set `volumeName` field of the PVC to the name of the PV. This should bind new PVC to existing PV.
5. Don't forget to restore the reclaim policy of the PV.

> ##### User recovery expansion failure

Reviewer 2: It looks like there are two ways to attempt recovery when expansion fails.

I would use https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/hugo-shortcodes/#tabs to show the two choices.

{{< feature-state for_k8s_version="v1.23" state="alpha" >}}

{{< note >}}
Recovery from expanding PVCs by users is available as an alpha feature since Kubernetes 1.23. The `RecoverVolumeExpansionFailure` feature must be enabled for this feature to work. Refer to the [feature gate](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/) documentation for more information.
{{< /note >}}

> In addition to above manual steps Kubernetes if feature gate `RecoverVolumeExpansionFailure` is enabled in the cluster, the user of PVC can retry expansion with smaller size than previously requested value by editing `pvc.spec.resources`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the feature gates `ExpandPersistentVolumes` and `RecoverVolumeExpansionFailure` are both
enabled in your cluster, and expansion has failed for a PVC, you can retry expansion with a
smaller size than the previously requested value. To request a new expansion attempt with a
smaller proposed size, edit `.spec.resources` for that PVC and choose a value that is less than the
value you previously tried.
```

> In addition to above manual steps Kubernetes if feature gate `RecoverVolumeExpansionFailure` is enabled in the cluster, the user of PVC can retry expansion with smaller size than previously requested value by editing `pvc.spec.resources`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In addition to the above manual steps if feature gate `RecoverVolumeExpansionFailure` is enabled in the cluster, the user of PVC can retry expansion with a smaller size than previously requested value by editing `pvc.spec.resources`.
```

I think the word `Kubernetes` is left over. If not, please ignore this comment.

> In addition to above manual steps Kubernetes if feature gate `RecoverVolumeExpansionFailure` is enabled in the cluster, the user of PVC can retry expansion with smaller size than previously requested value by editing `pvc.spec.resources`.

Reviewer: manual steps Kubernetes -> manual steps in Kubernetes

> This is useful if expansion to a higher value can not succeed because of capacity constraints, in which case user of PVC can retry expansion by specifying a size that is within the capacity limits of underlying storage provider. It should be noted that, while users can specify lower value than what was requested previously in `pvc.spec.resources` but new value must still be higher than `pvc.status.capacity`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This is useful if expansion to a higher value can not succeed because of capacity constraints, in which case user of PVC can retry expansion by specifying a size that is within the capacity limits of the underlying storage provider. It should be noted that, while users can specify a lower value than what was requested previously in `pvc.spec.resources` but new value must still be higher than `pvc.status.capacity`.
```

Author: Looks like you and @sftim provided conflicting suggested change, if the new change looks good let me know.

> This is useful if expansion to a higher value can not succeed because of capacity constraints, in which case user of PVC can retry expansion by specifying a size that is within the capacity limits of underlying storage provider. It should be noted that, while users can specify lower value than what was requested previously in `pvc.spec.resources` but new value must still be higher than `pvc.status.capacity`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is useful if expansion to a higher value did not succeed because of capacity constraint.
If that has happened, or you suspect that it might have, you can retry expansion by specifying a
size that is within the capacity limits of underlying storage provider.

Note that,
although you can a specify a lower amount of storage than what was requested previously,
the new value must still be higher than `.status.capacity`.
Kubernetes does not support shrinking a PVC to less than its current size.
```
